README.md, before:

# Emacs config  
Just another Emacs config. One thing that you must do to use it -- open my-private.example(it will be opened automatically if you run emacs for the first time with this config) for edit, fill it with your info and save it with .el extension.  
Or just `cd ~/; git clone https://github.com/Bad-ptr/.emacs.d.git;` and run emacs.  

# Troubles

## Debugging  
See `*my/-errors*` buffer.

## Compatibility

### package.el for older emacs(< 24)  
Read here https://github.com/technomancy/package.el.  

# Materials used in building that configuration  
http://milkbox.net/note/single-file-master-emacs-configuration/  
And many other articles on the internet I don't remember), sorry guys.  

# Other interesting links  
http://emacs.sexy/

http://www.emacswiki.org/

http://tuhdo.github.io/index.html

http://www.masteringemacs.org/

http://ergoemacs.org/emacs/emacs_editing_lisp.html

https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/114815898697665598016

http://bzg.fr/emacs-strip-tease.html

http://emacsredux.com/blog/2014/01/01/a-peek-at-emacs-24-dot-4-rectangular-selection/

http://www.skybert.net/emacs/java/

http://a-nickels-worth.blogspot.co.uk/2007/11/effective-emacs.html

Commit message:

Emacs daemon and clients now works without errors:
* Catch errors in my/-init-before-private.
* Change melpa.milkbox.net to melpa.org.
* Additions and improvements in my-std-lib.el
* Add inferior-perl-mode(perl-repl function).
* Add my/-prog-mode-hook.
* Add config for auto-complete-mode.
* Changes in Makefile and perl templates.
* wrap-with improvements.
* Readme.
* Other minor changes.

README.md, after:

# Emacs config  
Just another Emacs config. One thing that you must do to use it -- open my-private.example(it will be opened automatically if you run emacs for the first time with this config) for edit, fill it with your info and save it with .el extension.  
Or just `cd ~/; git clone https://github.com/Bad-ptr/.emacs.d.git;` and run emacs.  

# Troubles

## Debugging  
See `*my/-errors*` buffer.

## Compatibility

### package.el for older emacs(< 24)  
Read here https://github.com/technomancy/package.el.

### color.el (needed by rainbow-mode for old emacs)
https://github.com/emacs-mirror/emacs/blob/ac34b6b2b9aec5bc262ae1f6c54036de11fa44e9/lisp/color.el

# Materials used in building that configuration  
http://milkbox.net/note/single-file-master-emacs-configuration/  
And many other articles on the internet I don't remember), sorry guys.  

# Other interesting links  
http://emacs.sexy/

http://www.emacswiki.org/

http://tuhdo.github.io/index.html

http://www.masteringemacs.org/

http://ergoemacs.org/emacs/emacs_editing_lisp.html

https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/114815898697665598016

http://bzg.fr/emacs-strip-tease.html

http://emacsredux.com/blog/2014/01/01/a-peek-at-emacs-24-dot-4-rectangular-selection/

http://www.skybert.net/emacs/java/

http://a-nickels-worth.blogspot.co.uk/2007/11/effective-emacs.html
